
Meeting 8 of June 1:27 pm
Attendence: Everyone (4)

Meeting 1:

Discussions regarding iteration zero.

Main object: Distribution of the key functions.
One function already created, therefore, need to split up with 2 each

Discussions about how each function needs a seperate merge request before being added to main.


Tutorial, Brainstorm

Good:
Communication
Engaging


Poor:
Cannot be reached
No Communication
Untrustworthy


Distant:
Try to contact them.
Allow to be easy to talk to (Be approachable, friendly). 
Communicate with tutorial instructor

Ask why they were away.
Ask how the group can help them.

Reassign remaing group tasks 


Meeting 2 (15/6):
Some functions are more important than others since they 
are dependencies of other functions

authLoginV1         - Jo
authRegisterV1      - James (priority since other functions are depending on it)
channelsCreateV1    - Jo
channelsListV1      - Alex
channelsInstallV1   - Alex
channelDetailsV1    - Shakira
channelJoinV1       - Shakira
channelInviteV1     - Jo
channelMessagesV1   - Falco
userProfileV1       - Falco
clearV1             - James (priority since other functions are depending on it)

Due date for all functions will be Wednesday (22/6)

Updated user data in dataStore.js and added a new element in the
user data object named enrolledChannels that is an array of classes
the user is enrolled in.

Variable names will be using camelCase


Meeting 3 
Date: 22 June 2022 
Time: 1:36PM - 1:50PM
Attendance: Everyone (4)

Tasks were doable, however, it took some time since there were
other commitments and some of the weekly labs were challenging.

Communication can be improved in the future. If the task is challenging,
it is ideal to ask for help.

Issue: Some functions are needed for other functions.
Resolution: Moving forward, it would be better to set different 
deadlines for different functions. Moreover, this will give time for other 
commitments.

Alex is now considered not part of the group; thus, James took the 
initiative to do his tasks insteas.

Standup videos will be done by this week. This includes the tasks
being done, the challenging parts, and the improvements needed.

<<<<<<< HEAD
//Meeting 4//
Date: Wednesday 29 June:
Time: 1:33PM
Attendance: Everyone (4) yay!!

Discussing iteration2 & iteration1 presentation structure

Things to do/note for iteration 2:
- Adapt all the files to typescript
- Saving data that we create each time we run to the server to a file (clear
the file before running again so it doesn't trigger errors/duplicates)

task allocations:

priority functions (functions tht lead to other functions):
- authRegisterV1 (priority) - done
- clear (priority) - done
- channelsCreate 
- dm/create/v1
=======

//Meeting 4//
Day/Date: Wednesday, 29 June 2022
Time: 1:33PM - 1:53PM
Attendance: Everyone yay!

Discussed task allocations for iteration2 and presentation strategy for iteration1

issues:
need clarifications on new test files format

it2 task allocations:

priority functions (other functions depend on these):
authRegisterV1 (priority) - done
clear (priority) - done
channelsCreate
dmCreate 

>>>>>>> origin/master

James:
authLoginV1
authRegisterV1 (priority)
clear (priority)
message/send/v1
message/edit/v1
message/remove/v1
auth/logout/v1

Jo:
ChannelsCreate (priority)
channels/list/v2
channels/listall/v2
channel/details/v2
channel/join/v2
channel/invite/v2
channel/messages/v2

Falco:
dm/create/v1
dm/list/v1
dm/remove/v1
dm/details/v1
dm/leave/v1
dm/messages/v1
message/senddm/v1

Shakira:
user/profile/v2
users/all/v1
user/profile/setname/v1
user/profile/setemail/v1
user/profile/sethandle/v1
channel/addowner/v1
channel/removeowner/v1

not assigned yet:
channel/leave/v1

<<<<<<< HEAD
- meetings during flex week
8pm Monday & Wednesday
    - notes: function show & tell on Wednesday  
=======
need meeting for w6:
- 8pm Monday and Wednesday 
    (on Wednesday: functions show & tell!)
>>>>>>> origin/master

Week 08
Date: 20 July 2022 
Time: 01:42PM - 02:00PM
Attendance: 
    Present: Shakira, James, Anton, Jovanka
    Absent: Falco (reasoning: has work)

Minutes:
- changing from return eror to throwing error
    - not all functions

- lots of written work that needs to be done (refer to Iteration 3 5.6)
    - involves writing a survey
    - planning for the next problem to solve
    - most difficult part would be convincing people to talk
    - Anton has volunteered to do the interview

- functions that require more attention
    - secure sessions
    - passwords (auth/passwordreset/request/v1 and auth/passwordreset/v1)
    - uploading images (user/profile/uploadphoto/v1)
    - NOTE: whoever takes these will be given less workload

- must go on failed tests on Iteration 2 to understand what and why we failed

- next progress check-in: Wednesday W9 before class